Incorporate edits from tasks-hands-on-lab repo (#1134)
puppetlabs/bolt: docs/_lab/07-writing-plans/index.md

## About Plans

> Use plans when you want to run several tasks or commands together on one or across multiple nodes. For instance to remove a node from a load balancer before you deploy the new version of the application, or to clear a cache after you re-index a search engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use plans when you want to run several tasks or commands together on one or more nodes. For instance to remove a node from a load balancer before you deploy the new version of the application, or to clear a cache after you re-index a search engine.
```
